Chóng Quǎn News
CEO of Fù Shì Group - Qín Ruò Yǔ
According to the testimony of her fiancé Fù Jiā Háo - Name: Qín Ruò Yǔ - Crime: Intentional Murder
Case Number: 9527
Attempted murder of the eldest daughter of the Jiǎng family - Jiǎng Sī Sī
The crime has been established
Guilty of intentional infliction of bodily harm
Hereby sentenced to three years in prison
To be executed immediately
Jiā Háo
Today, we are finally getting married
I love you
Designer Qín
Still daydreaming in broad daylight?
How could Jiā Háo marry someone like you?
No family background
No sense of charm whatsoever
This wedding today
I don’t think it’s going to happen
Sī Sī
What are you doing here?
The two of us have been
Friends for so many years
Why don’t you just give Jiā Háo to me?
And then go die
Ruò Yǔ, I’m coming in
Sī Sī
Sī Sī, Sī Sī!
Jiā Háo
I just wanted to wish Ruò Yǔ well
But she misunderstood that I like you
And tried to kill me
Sī Sī
Qín Ruò Yǔ
How dare you try to kill someone?